What is Git : It is a version control system .
It means that it is a software that helps us in managing different versions of the project.
So , git is basically used to store the history of the project .


What is Github : It is a website that allows us to host our git repository(folder). 
What is Hosting : It is basically a service through which storage and computing resources are provided to an individual or organization. 

The history of the git repository is stored inside the .git folder .

git status : Tells us which files are modified and which files are not there in the history of the project.

GIT follows 3 stage architecture: Working Directory , Staging Area and Repository

Git Workflow : The project has to go through 2 phases:
Staging Phase: In this , we specify which untracked or modified files do we want to add to our history and we add them to staging area . 
Commit Phase: Here , we actually add the files in the staging area inside the history. 

git log: Shows the history of the project.

git stash: It helps in pushing some changes to the backstage . It hides those changes and can be retrieved later.

fork : Creates a copy of a repository inside your own github account.

clone : Creates a folder of the repository inside your local device.(Command : git clone https://github.com/repo_name) 

remote repository : Repository that is stored in Github.

origin: It is a shortname for the remote repository.

upstream url : The place from where we have forked the project.

How to work on a project:
1) Fork the actual repository.
2) Then clone the forked project inside your local device .
3) Then we connect our remote project(copy of actual project that we forked) to the actual project.
This is done by the command: git remote add upstream <upstream link or link to actual project/repository>
4) Then we create another branch for adding a new feature .
5) Finally , if we want to merge our code inside the actual project , we push our code inside the master branch of our project.When we do that ,
we get an option of sending pull request in our forked project and then we send a pull request.

Also , one pull request can be made for one branch.

How to make sure that forked project is updated when actual project is updated.
Use command : git pull upstream main

Squashing Commits: It means combining multiple commits into one.
We use rebase command for that.

Command: git rebase -i 'commit hash above which you want to combine'
We can either pick or squash commit.
sqaush will get merged in the pick above.


Merge Conflict : Phenomena where multiple developers try to edit the same piece of code.




