Single Page Applications: Web Applications which loads the single HTML file along with all the CSS and JS files required for the execution of the website.

After that everything happens in the single HTML file , so we don't have to make server calls again and again to get the new HTML page along with its CSS and JS.

Everything happens in single HTML file because the changes that happen in the page are handled using JS because it can make changes directly inside the DOM.

But using plain JS for all this can be very complicated (especilly for making bigger web applications) , so we make use of ReactJS.

ReactJS is a JS library which helps in making single page applications easier.

What is a Module?
A module is a function or a group of functions along with some data which are grouped together in a single file and contains code to execute some specific task.
export default : By default , the content exported using default can be accessed using any name in other file.
Otherwise we have to access the content using {} inside which we have write the exact name of the variable or the function being exported.

Spread And Rest Operator:
Rest Operator: Operator used to merge function arguments into an array.
Eg:
function f(...args){
	return args.sort();
}

Spread Operator:Used when we need all the elements of a function or object.
Eg:
const newArray = [...arr , 5 , 10]

Destructuring:A way to assign array or object data into separate variables.
Eg:
[a , b] = [10 , 20]
{a , b} = {a:10 , b:20} 


Components : They are re-usable piece of code that can be used again and again.
Also , it is a javacript function that returns JSX code.

React is declarative because we tell machine this is how the project should look like and then React handles how the element should be added or removed
whereas in imperative way , we also have to define how to do something . For eg. we would have to tell how the element should be added or removed to the machine.

Create React App:It is basically a npm package that sets up a basic react project.
JSX: It is a syntax that allows us to write HTML in React.

props: Arguments that we pass to a Component.
Wrapper Component: Custom Component which is used to wrap all the content inside it.

Composition : The approach of building UI from smaller building blocks(smaller components) is called Composition.
Sometimes , we wouldn't like to configure everything through props rather we would like to pass content between the opening and closing tags.
So , to make our own wrapper components , we pass the JSX between the tags and inside our wrapper component , we use children props.
Children props basically renders everything between the tags inside the wrapper component . We use this because Components don't know 
what will be inside them ahead of time.

